Add initial alert policies (#1)
ONSdigital/census-eq-monitoring: README.md

# census-eq-monitoring
This repository contains terraform scripts for provisioning Census EQ Stackdriver Monitoring and Alert Policies to Google Cloud Platform.

## Prerequisites

> Provision an environment following the instructions found in the census-eq-terraform [README](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-eq-terraform/edit/master/README.md), taking care to apply those that relate to Stackdriver Workspaces.

Reviewer: The Stackdriver workspaces section was removed from census-eq-terraform. We should add it here so that people know how to set one up.

## Development

> Logging metric based monitoring and alert policies must first be provisioned to your environment using the terraform scripts in [https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-eq-terraform](census-eq-terraform).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log-based metrics must first be provisioned to your environment using the terraform scripts in [https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-eq-terraform](census-eq-terraform).
```

> Use an ENV name which follows the naming conventions here: https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/naming.

Reviewer: Can remove this line as project will have been created by now.

Rename `terraform.tfvars.example` to `terraform.tfvars` and fill in the values. (Ask a team member for help).

> Create with `EXISTING_PROJECT_ID=your-existing-project-id ENV=your-env ./create.sh`.

Reviewer: EXISTING_PROJECT_ID is no longer used and can be removed?.

# census-eq-monitoring
This repository contains terraform scripts for provisioning Census EQ Stackdriver Monitoring and Alert Policies to Google Cloud Platform.

## Prerequisites

> Provision an environment following the instructions found in the census-eq-terraform [README](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-eq-terraform/edit/master/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provision an environment following the instructions found in the census-eq-terraform [README](https://github.com/ONSdigital/census-eq-terraform/blob/master/README.md).
```
